Name
New Hire Essentials
Who is responsible for this task?
YI Chen
Due Date
Apr 22, 2020
Details / Notes

Hi YI , 

 

We know you've received quite a bit of information during your onboarding at Yext, so we wanted to highlight below some of the essential items that were discussed during your orientation for your review.

 

Expenses

Yext uses Concur for all travel and expenses. Please review our Travel and Expense Policy for information regarding corporate credit cards, expense reimbursement, and travel.

 

Office Map

If you ever need help locating conference rooms, kitchens, or where a colleague sits please utilize Space IQ, which you can also access through your Okta page.

 

Guru

Through Okta you can also access Guru, which is our company knowledge base. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with Guru and the company information stored on this site- such as our policies and benefits. 

 

Business Cards

Please review the Guru card on Business Cards and follow the directions in order to put in a request. This will require manager approval.

 

Commuter Benefits - US Employees Only

To enroll in commuter benefits, please keep a look out in your inbox for an email from WageWorks and follow that link to register. If you have any questions please reach out to benefits@yext.com

 

401(k) - US Employees Only

After your first payroll, you will be able to begin your 401k registration through Vanguard at my.vanguardplan.com .

 

In order to do a rollover, please submit a rollover form from your previous provider to Vanguard. Then, you can have your previous provider send the check directly to Vanguard, or you can personally send the original rollover check and Transmittal Form to Vanguard. 

 

If you have any further questions, please contact benefits@yext.com

 

Truth Be Told - Howard's Instagram

As the company grows, it's harder for Howard to connect with our global employee base. This Instagram was created for Howard to connect with employees in a way they connect to their friends. Howard shares stories with a "Day in the Life" theme, showcasing how Yext operates from the CEO's perspective.

 

You're encouraged to fill out the form and follow him, but please note that anything Howard shares, like any other internal communication, should be considered confidential and to be shared only with your colleagues.

 

Interesting in participating? Follow these 2 simple steps:

1) Follow Howard's internal Instagram account @truthbetold_HL

2) Complete this form

 

 